and one more thing on the subject of
love Valentine's Day was last week and
we commemorated that by issuing one of
our very popular YouTube challenges I
asked our viewers to give their wife or
girlfriend something she would hate as a
gift videotape her opening the gift and
upload it to YouTube with the title hey
Jimmy Kimmel I gave my wife or
girlfriend a terrible gift for
Valentine's Day we got some very
creative submissions we also got some
very disturbing submissions and I'll let
you be the judge of which are which
enjoy
okay Jimmy I made a ring out of the
kidney stone that I pass maybe you don't
like your picture of Matt Damon
thanks Matt Damon you ruined Valentine's
Day maybe you don't like it funny you'll
like it how do you like it we can make a
belt out of it
never marry a guy
policies also